# Privacy policy

## IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION

In order to use some of our apps or websites, we may ask you to enter your name, email, current weight and height, target weight, fitness level, areas for improvement, and food preferences, and ask other onboarding questions. In some of our apps you are able to skip some of the onboarding questions by tapping on Skip or similar indication. We also automatically collect from your device: language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, Facebook ID, and some other unique identifiers (such as IDFA and AAID). We need this data to provide our services, analyze how our customers use the app, to serve ads.

For improving the app and attracting users, we use third party solutions. As a result, we may process data using solutions developed by Amplitude, Facebook, Firebase, Google, Apple, Appsflyer, Crashlytics. Therefore, some of the data is stored and processed on servers of such third parties. This enables us to (1) analyze different interactions (how often users make subscriptions, the average weight and height of our users, how many users chose a particular area for improvement); (2) serve ads (and are able to show them only to a particular group of users, for example, to subscribers). Consequently, we, in particular, better understand in what of our features and content you see the most value and are able to focus on them to enhance your experience and increase the quality of our products.

Please read our Privacy Policy below to know more about what we do with data, what data privacy rights are available to you and who will be the data controller.. If any questions will remain unanswered or you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us at support@kettapp.info.
