# Subscription Policy

1. Free or paid trial. We may offer a free or paid (for a small payment) trial subscription for the service. Unless you cancel before the end of the trial, you will be automatically charged a price indicated on the payment screen or/and Apple’s/Google’s payment pop-up screen for a chosen subscription period. Please note that if a trial is offered, this will be explicitly stated on the price screen before the checkout. If this is not the case, you will purchase our subscription without a trial. We may also from time to time offer discounted offers that renew at the full not discounted price and other offers that may be interesting for you.

2. Subscription. The subscription renews automatically at the end of each period (each week, month, 6 months, year, or otherwise, depending on the option selected by you at the time of purchase) until you cancel.

3. Payment method.  Payment will be charged to the payment method you submitted at the time of purchase at confirmation of purchase (after you confirm by single-touch identification, facial recognition, or entering your payment method details on the web, or otherwise accepting subscription terms provided on the payment screen or on the pop-up screen provided by Apple/Google or on our web page) or after the end of the trial period. You authorize us to charge the applicable subscription fees to the payment method that you use.

4. Cancellation. Your subscription renews automatically at the end of each period until you cancel. Note that deleting the app does not cancel your subscriptions.

- If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on the App Store: You may cancel a free trial or a subscription anytime by turning off auto-renewal through your Apple ID account settings. To avoid being charged, cancel the subscription in your Apple ID account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the free trial or the current subscription period. You alone can manage your subscriptions. Learn more about managing subscriptions (and how to cancel them) on Apple support page.
- If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on Google Play: You may cancel a free trial or a subscription anytime by turning off auto-renewal through your Google Play account settings. To avoid being charged, cancel the subscription in your account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the trial or the current subscription period. You alone can manage your subscriptions. Learn more about managing subscriptions (and how to cancel them) on Google’s support page.
- If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on Huawei AppGallery: You may cancel a free trial or a subscription anytime by turning off auto-renewal through your Huawei account settings. To avoid being charged, cancel the subscription in your account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the trial or the current subscription period. You alone can manage your subscriptions. Learn more about managing subscriptions (and how to cancel them) on Huawei’s support page.
- If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on our websites: To avoid being charged cancel your subscription before the end of the then-current period. You may cancel your subscription purchased on our website in your profile. Below you may find several options (that may change from time to time) on how to initiate cancelation of a web subscription: Open your web profile page and go to subscription settings. From here, you will be directed to subscription settings and will be able to turn it off. Canceling your subscription means that the automatic renewal will be disabled, but you will still have access to all your subscription features for the remaining time of your then-current period.
